Let's take care of this pre rendering issue we can do that in the next conflict there.
We can add a special set up at the bottom of the conflict file.
It's to generate key and it holds an object where we can configure a couple of details.
The important detail here is the routes config.
Now routes simply takes a functional and that function should return an array of routes that should
be pre rendered.
Now in that array of routes we can add all the dynamic routes for our various dynamic elements.
So we could at slash posts slash.
And now let's grab one ID so here from firebase I'll grab that idea of one post entered as after the
slash.
And now let's rerun NPM run generate.
If we do that it will now build the project again will generate all the static routes anyways but will
also render this dynamic route so it will include desined the rendering process and see if it finds
a matching page set up where does route would fit.
And it does.
We have a post folder so this fits and then in the post folder we have a dynamic element.
So it can also populate this if we now inspect the disk folder under posts.
We see a new subfolder with that ID with a index HDMI file that actually includes to completely pre
render posts.
So it also went ahead and made that HTP request to fetch that data from the server.
So that is now working.
However of course we can't manually enter all these post IDs here.
So what can we do.
Well we can also execute HTP requests here.
We can import access yerd though since this will get executed by no choice.
We have to use t note JS import syntax.
So let's import x is not the next module but the normal access packet which we installed earlier in
the course.
And now we can use access here.
We can send a get request to our fire based backend which is not protected against read so this is allowed
and we can access posts.
So let me copy that Eurail and add dot Jason at the end to fetch a list of all the posts.
Then we get back the response which will include dead list of posts just to get.
So now what we can do is we can return an array of routes here and return this access call because you
are allowed to return a promise in this route.
Function and now you want to return an array that simply creates a list of all the IDs you want to render
with Slash posts in front of them.
For this I'll simply loop through my data and the response data there we got these firebase keys so
key in response data.
Keep in mind firebase always returns you an object.
Now we're pulling out the key which will always be the property of each post.
So the idea of each post because we're getting back in opticals this structure that's the key that's
the object.
Now here we're getting that key and we can now add that to an array of routes.
So routes could be an empty array initially.
And here we simply push slash hosts slash and then that key after we're done we just return these routes
array with this set up if we run NPM run generate Again we make one request to fetch all the posts and
that we generate an array of routes with all these keys of these posts being part of it which will in
the end yield us all our supper outs for our posts.
As you can see here in the post folder now this is all created and now we get pre-generated files for
this dynamic content and on each new generate command it will get the latest version of all our posts
and regenerate all these files.
This makes generate a really good solution for dynamic content too to you just need to ensure that you
regenerate your pages when you're dynamic content changes.
But this can also be set up as a dynamic an automated process.
Now there's one thing we can do though to improve this even more.